Well updating code can get messy, Creating backup is good way but its still to much work every time you change.
Still Finding problems even if backups are available is also difficult when the code is like super large.

Backing up something is the most primitive way of dong things. Sites like DropBox ,Google Docs,Wikipedia all 
use version control so you can see what the file looked like earlier.

When it comes to a programmer manual saving his work is the best course of action. So there we have git.
Git uses commit to go back to his old version of his code. Points t his old versions of his code.
Ya almost forgot Git works offline too!!.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?
	Automatically save might seem to be a better option in the beginning but when version controlling comes to play
committing when a drastic change occurs is more efficient. This said it is more like a judgement call on when to and 
when not to commit.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	Saving multiple file at the same commit is really helpful when all files are interrelated to each 
other. However when files are like independent they don't multiple commits are not really required.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	git log shows all the changes that files have been through and the gitt diff takes tw0 arguments the first file id and second 
file id, compare those two and  show their changes.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
	Well if you break the code and decide to leave it, u could easily use check out and revert back.
	
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	The point of leaning to use this was to improve my coding,So thats what i plan on doing and kind of curious on the places i end 
	up using this tool.. :-)
	

 
 